## Soccer Twos ([example in ml-agents](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/main/docs/Learning-Environment-Examples.md))

- Set-up: Environment where four agents compete in a 2 vs 2 toy soccer game.
- Goal:
  - Get the ball into the opponent's goal while preventing the ball from
    entering own goal.
- Agents: The environment contains two different Multi Agent Groups with two agents in each.
  Parameters : SoccerTwos.
- Agent Reward Function (dependent):
  - (1 - `accumulated time penalty`) When ball enters opponent's goal
    `accumulated time penalty` is incremented by (1 / `MaxStep`) every fixed
    update and is reset to 0 at the beginning of an episode.
  - -1 When ball enters team's goal.
- Behavior Parameters:
  - Vector Observation space: 336 corresponding to 11 ray-casts forward
    distributed over 120 degrees and 3 ray-casts backward distributed over 90
    degrees each detecting 6 possible object types, along with the object's
    distance. The forward ray-casts contribute 264 state dimensions and backward
    72 state dimensions over three observation stacks.
  - Actions: 3 discrete branched actions corresponding to
    forward, backward, sideways movement, as well as rotation.
  - Visual Observations: None
- Float Properties: Two
  - ball_scale: Specifies the scale of the ball in the 3 dimensions (equal
    across the three dimensions)
    - Default: 7.5
    - Recommended minimum: 4
    - Recommended maximum: 10
  - gravity: Magnitude of the gravity
    - Default: 9.81
    - Recommended minimum: 6
    - Recommended maximum: 20
